---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: true
keywords: []
description: Why “doing” is what matters most in Investing
datePublished: '2016-04-02T16:16:59.339Z'
dateModified: '2016-04-02T16:16:43.740Z'
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-04-02-921d23cb-4e9e-4268-83e8-3b1b096c58ce.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: 921d23cb-4e9e-4268-83e8-3b1b096c58ce/index.html
_type: Article

---
Why "doing" is what matters most in Investing

In the last 3 years, I started reading everything that I could put my hands on about investing, the stock market, and related subjects (like mental models for example). In all this time, I understood one thing: doing is as important as reading and thinking, and in many cases, much more important than reading.
In fact, now I practice much more than I did in the past because I know that doing matters a lot, and that it is the only way to make things happen now and in the future.
Of course "doing" matters not only in investing, but even in many other aspects of life, but in investing, it is more counter intuitive, I think.
When many people think about investing, they think that you must have the right mind framework to detect the best stocks to invest in (companies with a great balance sheet, a great management team, and with an edge over competitors), and so that the only important things are reading and thinking.
Yeah, of course this is really important, but reading annual reports and making analyses are as important, if not more, than reading books about investing.
So, I'm reading more annual reports than before, and talking with more people in the investing field. I talk even more with the management team of companies that I have a mild interest in but do not own any stock in.
This is because I have promised to myself that I will practice more and more often than I did in the past.
So "doing" is what matters most in the end in the investing field too.